Konnect decK docs (#3793)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/configure/runtime-manager/runtime-groups/declarative-config.md

configuration management tool, you can create, update,

> compare, and synchronize configuration as part of an automation pipeline.

Reviewer: nitpick: Two lines above this one, ~entities~ -> runtime groups

In {{site.konnect_saas}}, decK can manage [runtime groups](/konnect/configure/runtime-manager/runtime-groups)
and all of their configurations:
* Create state files for different runtime groups and manage each group
separately.
* Manage Gateway Services, routes, consumers, plugins, and upstreams for each
group.
* Migrate configuration from one group to another.

> To do this, you need [decK v1.12.0 or later](/deck/).

Reviewer: suggestion: can we emphasize this in a note block?

recognizes your account credentials:

```sh
deck ping \
  --konnect-runtime-group default \
  --konnect-email {YOUR_EMAIL} \
  --konnect-password {YOUR_PASSWORD}
```

If the connection is successful, the terminal displays the full name of the user
associated with the account:

> ```sh

Reviewer: Suggestion: The content in the `()` should be the Org Name.

```Successfully Konnected as Some Name (Org Name)!```

You can also use decK with {{site.konnect_short_name}} more securely by storing
your password in a file, then either calling it with
`--konnect-password-file {FILENAME}.txt`, or adding it to your decK configuration
under the `konnect-password` option along with your email:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Where should this file live?

konnect-password: {YOUR_PASSWORD}
konnect-email: {YOUR_EMAIL}
```

The following steps all use a `deck.yaml` file to store the
{{site.konnect_short_name}} credentials instead of flags.

## Create a configuration file

Capture a snapshot of the current configuration in a file:

```sh
deck dump --konnect-runtime-group default
```

> If you don't specify the `--konnect-runtime-group` flag, decK still targets the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't specify the `--konnect-runtime-group` flag, decK will target the
```

`default` runtime group. If you have more than one runtime group in your
organization, we recommend always setting this flag to avoid accidentally
pushing configuration to the wrong group.

The command creates a file named `kong.yaml`. If you have nothing
configured, decK creates the file with only the format version and runtime group
name:

```yaml
_format_version: "1.1"
_konnect:
  runtime_group_name: default
```

You can specify a different file name or location, or export the
configuration in JSON format:

```sh
deck dump --konnect-runtime-group default \
  --format json \

>   --output-file examples/konnect.yaml

Reviewer 3: Is the mismatch between `--format json` and `.yaml` on purpose?

Author: Ah, no. That's a typo 😅

the example with your generated UUID:

>     ```yaml

Reviewer 3: Filename should be `kong.yaml`, while in L108 we are referring to `konnect.yaml`

    _format_version: "1.1"
    _konnect:
      runtime_group_name: default
    services:
    - name: MyService
      host: mockbin.org
      port: 80
      protocol: http

>       id: {YOUR_GENERATED_UUID}

Author: This UUID is no longer necessary to set manually and is a leftover from ServiceHub config. Note to self to remove it.

Reviewer: Also applies to step 1 of this section, which is for generating the UUID.

{{site.konnect_saas}}:

    ```sh

>     deck diff --konnect-runtime-group default

Reviewer 3: It's not clear which file we are using for diffing the configuration. By default, decK looks for `kong.yaml`, but in L108 we are suggesting to modify a `konnect.yaml` file

Author: That's a leftover from `deck konnect`, nice catch. Fixing.

    ```sh

>     creating service 9595B5F9-3B6A-4C48-BE93-9EC1B0EA487A

Reviewer: Question: What is this service for?

I don't think this is part of the config. (especially if we're not specifying any `{YOUR_GENERATED_UUID}`s.

Reviewer: Nvm, I think that's what your next comment is pointing out.

    creating route mockpath

>     creating service MyService

Author: Another leftover from ServiceHub config. This should only be 2 items:

```
creating route mockpath
creating service MyService
```
Note to self to fix.

No API key found in request.
```

> ## Migrate configuration between runtime groups

Reviewer: Suggestion: Does this need the `Enterprise` feature label?

You can also use decK to migrate or duplicate configuration between runtime
groups.

1. Export configuration from the original runtime group with
[`deck dump`](/deck/latest/reference/deck_dump) into a state file:

    ```bash
    deck dump \
      --konnect-runtime-group default \
      --output-file default.yaml
    ```

> 1. In the file, change the runtime group name to the new group:

Reviewer 2: @haydenlam Why do we need to change `runtime_group_name` in the file if we're providing `--konnect-runtime-group` to deck?

Reviewer 3: yeah this shouldn't be necessary, let me know otherwise!

Author: It is currently, using your latest test branch. If I _don't_ change the runtime group name in the state file, diff works fine. Sync also looks like it should work, but I only get a diff response from it:

```
Summary:
  Created: 0
  Updated: 8
  Deleted: 0
```

When I check the target runtime group with a `deck dump` or through the UI, I see that no changes have been applied.

However, if I set the name explicitly in the state file:
```
_konnect:
  runtime_group_name: test
```
And then `deck sync` that, I get the response I'm looking for:
```
creating consumer consumer
creating service test3
creating service test2
creating service test4
creating service MyService
creating service example_service4
creating service MyService_1
creating route test5
Summary:
  Created: 8
  Updated: 0
  Deleted: 0
```

Reviewer 3: Interesting, I'll look into this!

Author: Looking at it again, I think that in the first situation, decK is diffing the runtime group set in the file? And completely ignoring the `--konnect-runtime-group` flag. So, if the group name in the file and the group name specified by flag are mismatched, nothing happens.

Author: One more thing: if I completely remove the `runtime_group_name` from the state file and only set it in the flag, then things work fine.

Reviewer: > If the group name in the file and the group name specified by flag are mismatched, nothing happens.

Yep, this is correct, the user's intention is unclear therefore we take no action. (Ideally error out)

> If I completely remove the _konnect section from the state file and only set the RG in the flag, then things work fine.

This is also the expected behavior.

Author: > Yep, this is correct, the user's intention is unclear therefore we take no action. (Ideally error out)

If that's the case, then for this doc, it makes sense to include changing the name of the RG in the file in these instructions. If the purpose is to migrate between RGs, you will have to either change or remove it either way.

Reviewer: Yep, agree, for the reason that the `_konnect. runtime_group_name ` is present in the file from the `deck dump`.

Reviewer 3: > Yep, this is correct, the user's intention is unclear therefore we take no action. (Ideally error out)
> 
> >

@lena-larionova @haydenlam  Can you please pull the latest from my branch? I just implemented this.

```
_format_version: "1.1"
_konnect:
  runtime_group_name: test
...
...
```

```
$ ./deck sync --konnect-addr https://us.api.konghq.tech --konnect-runtime-group prod
Error: Warning: Runtime Group 'prod' specified via --konnect-runtime-group flag is different from 'test' found in state file(s).
```
